so we've come into the small house and
you're greeted by the by the central
core of the house the great room if you
will this is really the life of the
house we've got got the living room
setting with a fireplace you've noticed
that on the at the fireplace there's
five shelves on either side of the
fireplace ten shelf so there's going to
be ten elders that live in this house so
every elder gets a shelf and what we've
seen in Perrysburg is that majority of
what those in there's family pictures
and memorabilia and it's really coming
in come back to here from now it'll look
completely different because it will
have thing they'll have the character
the people that live here but
furnishings are are like you would have
in your home we don't we don't do
plastic furniture you know at least this
is high quality nor of norwalk furniture
made no mayo it is treated with
Scotchgard but we pride ourselves on
making home homes so we want stuff here
that that reminds us of home each house
has a den area primarily this is a space
to come and escape from the house if you
will it's also a very nice place for
family to come and meet in a private
setting if the elders bedrooms not big
enough they have a bigger group another
nice feature with the dance is that we
know there are times when family are
going to be here from out of town they
may want to spend the night rather than
get a hotel because of someone's health
so this is sleeper sofa and every sofa
in the tans are sleepers so we can
accommodate books overnight
this is a typical bedroom okay they're
all roughly the same size this room is
equipped with a ceiling lift we can
actually lift them from bed take them
over and place them in their chair if
the chair was there which would be if
they were bed bound take them into the
bathroom want you to commode
take them into the bathroom into the
shower return to the chair return to the
bed all of the ceiling device
very safe we highly encourage in the
long-term care houses for elders to
bring their own stuff bring your own
furniture make it make it home if for
some reason you don't have furniture or
you need a bed or whatever we're
obligated to provide it but why wouldn't
you want your own stuff so something
that you don't usually see in a nursing
home is storage so here we've got a big
storage shelf for things we've got
another short story shelf that we've
added over the commode we've positioned
the commode in the room so you staff has
access to either side we've added these
grab bars that mount to the wall which
are really nice they come down they're
secure they're strong but if you don't
need them they store up against the wall
Cheadle have permanent things here if
you don't see him
the mirror on the wall tilts that way if
you're short or if you are
wheelchair-bound and I'm down here I can
still see myself where if it was like
this all you see is the top of my head
so that's a nice feature this is a towel
dispenser that doesn't look like one
this would have towels paper towels that
would come out the shower has a large
fold down shower bench which is a nice
feature that supports about 350 pounds a
handicap-accessible shower the heads
adjustable or takes off just some nice
features to the bathroom the biggest one
probably is the door and that the door
swings both ways say might have any idea
why I'm in the bath I going to the
bathroom I'm in here the doors shut and
I've fallen down and I'm laying against
the door without pushing the person
across the floor well it's easy I just
write ways we even added that feature to
the public restroom and this time around
we realize you know why why aren't we
doing it there too
so we did I just wanted to show you that
and then as you entered the room with
you notice that there are large cabinets
here because we are a small house that
would be institutionalizing what we do
the nurses don't push med carts around
the hallways all the elders medications
are kept in their room okay the top the
top one is is for medications and the
nurses carry the key that's all the
favish key is the nurses where your
medications would be stored this down
here is for supplies whatever you might
need cops or things like that individual
supplies that they depending on what
their meds are maybe that maybe they
have some kind of treatment they have a
something that needs a dressing change
well they would keep all they needed
here for that for that function right
and it also gives them a flat surface to
write on and if it's dark they can turn
the light on
which is important if it's a widget if
it's not tonight nurse giving you
something the middle of night you even
have to turn the room lights on and then
each house has a beauty shop area
there'll be a chair here that you know
pumps up and down and this little
rolling round thing over here is for
holding their beautician stuff there'll
be another chair here that tilts against
your hair wash there'll be another chair
here with when you're hired
that's all setup and then there's the
spa area right off of it which every
house has and that's the whirlpool tub
so if you're if you're tired of taking
showers and you want to soak and have
some bubbles this is the tub this these
are the utility rooms or what what would
be the laundry rooms in your house and
we do laundry individually in a small
house so we only did one Elders laundry
at a time so every every room has a
laundry hamper very close one hamper
staff wheeled your hamper down here
unless you want to do your laundry
washes your laundry by itself dries it
by itself returns it to your room that
way we're not mixing folk stuff and
we're not losing stuff therefore we
don't work clothing all the houses the
floor plans are identical there's a left
and a right hand version of the floor
plan as you walk in but the layout the
footprint is identical but all the
houses are different in that the main
area of the house carpet is unique to
the house the paint color is unique the
exterior is
you